This README file documents the contents of the "code" and "data" folders for the manuscript deCamp et al., npj Vaccines 2024, entitled "Human immunoglobulin gene allelic variation impacts germline-targeting vaccine priming".

Principal Investigator: William Schief, PhD <br>
Institution: Scripps Research <br>
Email: schief@scripps.edu <br>

# Data overview

The "data" folder contains 2 files: <br>

visit_info.csv: <br>
Contains information for formatting visit codes.

Data S1.xlsx: <br>
Supplemental data file 1 from deCamp et. al. Counts and frequencies for IGHV1-2 allele mRNA UMIs and unique HCDR3s in two IgM libraries for each trial participant.

# Code overview

The "code" folder contains IGHV1_2_G001_Allele_Manuscript.Rmd: Generates analyses, figures, and tables.
 
Note, the provided code accesses a public dataset from Leggat et al., Science 2022. The analyses in deCamp et al. npj Vaccines 2024 were run on a near-final dataset before the final public dataset was available. The values are identical between the two datasets for 95% (293 out of 307) samples where "Percent of IgG memory B cells detected as VRC01−class" is defined. Of the 14 samples where the values differ, all but two differ by less than 2-fold. As a result, the analyses presented in deCamp et al. have minor differences compared to results generated by the same code on the finalized public dataset. These differences do not impact the interpretation of the results or the conclusions presented in deCamp et al.
 

